SENATOR BARACK OBAMA (D-IL): I want the American people to understand that I opposed this war
in 2002, 2003, 4, 5, 6, and 7.
So you can have confidence that I will be serious about ending this war.
SENATOR OBAMA: I will promise you this,
that if we have not gotten our troops out by the time I am president, it is the first thing I will do.
I will get our troops home. We will bring an end to this war. You can take that to the bank.
SENATOR OBAMA: I promise that we are going to bring this war in Iraq to a close in 2009.
PRESIDENT OBAMA: We will remove our combat brigades from Iraq
by the end of next summer, and all of our troops by the end of 2011.
PRESIDENT OBAMA: As Commander-in-Chief,
I have determined that it is in our vital national interest
to send an additional 30,000 U.S. troops to Afghanistan.
RON PAUL: I say a policy of peace is free trade,
stay out of their internal business, don’t get involved in these wars and just bring our troops home.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
RON PAUL: We just marched right in, we can just come home!
RON PAUL: They're building up this case, just like we did in Iraq! --
build up the war propaganda!  There was no al Qaeda in Iraq. (BELL RINGS)
And they had nuclear weapons and we had to go in. I'm sure you supported that war, as well.
It's time we quit this. It's trillions of dollars we're spending on these wars!! (APPLAUSE)
RON PAUL: We should bring our troops home, change our foreign policy, quit these ridiculous wars.
We would be safer and richer for it.